To do
-----
Add flashlight.
Gib more.
If a weapon gets crushed out of existence, because it got blown there by some
	explosion, make sure it gets respawned.  (*_blocked() functions in g_func.c)
BUG: large values of weaponban will overload the float->int conversion.  Just
	atoi() on the string and keep the value around.
BUG: frozen players are partly transparent to being shot?  Origin/min/max prob?
BUG: "NULL ent->think, classname func_door"?!?!  Happens on mintro...maybe
	other maps too.
BUG: if a player disconnects while grappled, grapple remains behind.
BUG: set 2 laser tripwires at the same spot and the laser goes through walls?
Have the sniper rifle damage depend on how long they've held down the trigger.
	Then there'd be NO problem making it an instant-fire weapon like the shotgun!
Allow players to vote for certain aspects of the game, like weaponban,
	featureban, fragban, kick, kickban, and so on.  All the players' votes
	are continually tallied, and whatever has a majority vote will be put
	into effect.  Server admin can control what players are allowed to vote for.
Spawnpoints still getting tossed in explosions???  (T_ShockItems)
Client heads sometimes hang in mid-air?  (ThrowClientHead)
Grapple shakes violently when shrunk all the way up??
Totally verify all precaching info with what's actually being used.
Let monsters use some of the Weapons of Destruction!!  That oughta even up the
	odds.
When someone disconnects, go through the entities, find all of the entities
	owned by that person, and remove them.  Mostly an issue for lasersights and
	laser tripwires.
Maybe make bazooka-fired grenades vulnerable.
Allow the scanner to be moved to various parts of the screen, not just center.
If someone can gib a person who's still alive, make them have blood trails
	and identifiable body parts.  Have them bounce and even ricochet.  Have
	them blow apart in a direction that makes sense given the impact on the
	body.  So rocket and grenade hits would cause blood and gibs to sort of
	radiate backward from that point, super shotgun blasts would cut people in
	half and send the remaining pieces tumbling, and so on.
A "say_to" command that allows people to send private messages to each other.
	Any way to make a messagemode for it?
Laser tripwires where the lasers move around and scan the area.
Fix grappling hook so it doesn't need aliases.
Make the HUD look more like Lithium's.
Make jetpack dropable.
Drop jetpack when the player using it is fragged.  That would add lots more
	jetpacks to the game, altering the dynamic.
Rearrange the files in pak0.pak so they're in their "standard" location.  (The
	main offender here is the fire model/skin.)  Then I will be able to precache
	them, and make them available for download.
maplist should control not just the map, but the # of players that need to be
	present for the map to be run (so big maps can be run), and maybe even set
	coop, ctf, and other flags.  Then a single server could alternate between
	coop, deathmatch, and CTF!  Pretty wild.
blackbox.efs.org suggestions: frag logging.
JustShootMe suggestions: more types of grappling hooks, less-busy cataclysm
	device explosion.
Integrate in GibStats?  http://www.planetquake.com/gibstats/
Integrate in Eraser bot.  http://impact.frag.com/
The ChaseCam needs to be reconciled with VWep, and should allow a spectator
	mode.
"Com_sprintf: overflow of 67 in 64".  Eh?
Push/pull needs to make the user more detectable and vulnerable.  A beam of
	light connecting the players?  The quad sound when push/pull is used?  The
	pushed/pulled person has their view turned to look at the attacker?
Be able to push/pull dropped player items.  Now it's really a Jedi thing!  But
	would this require an engine change?
Scoreboard times should be in minutes and seconds.
Allow railgun to shoot through walls?!  That'd be pretty wild.
Give supershotgun inflictors credit for kills from enemies flying into walls.
Can't his Escape to see menu when the scanner is up...must turn scanner off
	first.
Drop cells when you die holding the super blaster.
Make tripwires fire the fire grenades.
Fix fire dripping through floors.
Keep laser tripwire explosions from setting each other off.
Get rid of plasma rifle spindown time.
Use the gladiator rail sound for the rail gun?

To do for Extinction
--------------------
Fix the no-pitch spectator bug.
Fix decoy targeting
How to get back to menu? Or go to chasecam?
Show spawnpoints in scanner!
Show team colors in scanner!
Sound for spawnpoint capture?
Put all weapons into maps, now that I have weapon banning.
More maps!!!
Option to let people type "ready" at the console when they're ready to begin a
	new match.  Let people take a friggin' break!

To do, lower priority
---------------------
Better monster AI.  They need to understand the notion of cover, at a minimum.
Have insane turn into an anti-monster "bot" once you touch them, or do something
	else to "save" them.
Reduce weapons strength for SP game.
Scanner should detect monsters during single-player game.

New weapon ideas
----------------
BFG suit!!!  You wear it and run around and you throw off BFG lasers!
Pineapple grenade -- explodes like a multi-directional shotgun blast.
Gas grenades!  How to draw gas?
Freeze grenades!  Freeze people, freeze the ground so people slide too!
Vacuum grenade?  Explodes into a black-hole sort of thing?
Light saber as the new alternate blaster.  Even more Jedi stuff!
Beef up machinegun by having bullets ricochet a few times?
Maybe the alternate BFG would be a homing energy ball?

WoD flags
---------
Shootable homing-rockets vs. not-shootable
Drop jetpack when killed vs. explode jetpack when killed
Homing-rockets vs. laser-guided rockets
Flying bazooka grenades vs. lobbed bazooka grenades
